Add `match_arm_indent` option (#6525)
rust-lang/rustfmt: Configurations.md

}
```

## `match_arm_indent`

> Controls whether match arms are indented.  If disabled, the match patterns will be located on the indentation level as the match statement itself.  This means match blocks will only be indented once, not twice.

Reviewer: Some minor tweaks to the wording. Feel free to edit what I'm suggesting.

```suggestion
Controls whether match arms are indented.  If disabled, match arms will be formatted at the same indentation level as the outer `match` statement.  Meaning that match blocks will only be indented once, not twice.
```

The width threshold for an array element to be considered "short".

> The layout of an array is dependent on the length of each of its elements.

Author: Oops, missed that one in the diff
